test: Adding API bulk automation to Blazor.Lite (#241)
IgniteUI/igniteui-blazor: tests/IgniteUI.Blazor.Lite.IntegrationTests/README.md

This documents provides instruction on building and running Blazor's Playwright Tests.

# Setup

- Instal Blazor **.NET SDK** from this website:
https://dotnet.microsoft.com/learn/aspnet/blazor-tutorial/install

- If you don't have `pwsh`, you will have to [install Powershell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell)

## 1. Build Infragistics.Blazor

This project depends on the Infragistics.Blazor project. That is the base project that contains our Blazor components, which we're testing here.

There's a detailed guide for building it [here](https://infragistics.visualstudio.com/NetAdvantage/_wiki/wikis/NetAdvantage.wiki/1107/Running-and-Debugging-Translator?anchor=debugging-blazor-project-and-source).

> Good Luck! You'll need it.

Reviewer: Indeed! But hopefully not needed as much in this repo :)
Technically all you need to do is the npm steps in the root README.md

## 2. Install Playwright browsers

- Open a Powershell terminal in the `./browser/IgBlazorSamples.Test/bin/Debug/net9.0` folder.

- Run `./playwright.ps1 install chromium` to instal only chromium for Playwright to run. For all browsers just omit the  `chromium` argument.

> You can run it from the `./browser/IgBlazorSamples.Test` folder as well, but you will need to prefix the path to it: `bin/Debug/net9.0/playwright.ps1 install`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open a Powershell terminal in the `./test/Playwright.Testing/bin/Debug/net10.0` folder.

- Run `./playwright.ps1 install chromium` to instal only chromium for Playwright to run. For all browsers just omit the  `chromium` argument.

You can run it from the `./test/Playwright.Testing` folder as well, but you will need to prefix the path to it: `bin/Debug/net10.0/playwright.ps1 install`
```
though we might want to make those just `/net<version>/` so the instruction can remain evergreen.

Also the paths might need further updates, but think that is the project you use, right?

For running from **cmd** you will need to use `pwsh ./playwright.ps1 install`.

For other specific browsers refer to `./playwright.ps1 install --help`

## 3. Build Infragistics.Blazor.Testing.sln

- Open the **Infragistics.Blazor.Testing.sln** solution

> - Build the solution. Should successfully build all projects.

Reviewer: Would've said swap the solution for project, but I think this step can be dropped entirely (the build is implied in the run description next) and looking at the CI, since not all use VS, `dotnet test` does the trick too and builds just fine.
